there you seen a little bit everything
now
I don't get a chance to come down here
often enough but
there's a great college basketball town
i think if we could come down here every
year we could be good fortune out to be
in the Final Four we come down here
every year
yeah I think it's a good test for us
this early in season I don't know that
maybe we're ready or they're ready but
you know on wednesday when we go to
practice will have a better idea what we
need to work on them we do right now is
put that way this one was the stone of a
story has to do with Rebecca Lobo
Rebecca's the now with melody is pink
army she told the story that was just
last year the she has three little ones
and you come n replying international
tournament except tournament and I guess
our elders governor well bud TV and just
pause looked at her father's with Daddy
boys play basketball whatever one thing
right up you know and I'm so glad a
decade ago I made a decision to be a
part of this to watch and the college
basketball scene of you are the WNBA
seem to be able to be a part of an
escalating product it's just one of the
best things that I've been a part of in
my life I want to welcome I want to
welcome ESPN I just think it's great the
involvement they have of our product
with you student-athletes with ours at
our level I want to welcome the
University it's interesting i was
talking to media today on the radio
about this event and they started
talking about college basketball we had
such
history in this room but an institution
standpoint from a university state
appoint a lot of welcome to student
aspects I want to tell you something
each of these coaches you played for I
didn't post their players I had coached
against his place you better be soaking
up everything that you because they give
you the types of things that's going to
make it successful when you come to a
professional level when you go out in
life these are for the best coaches that
we find their students aside from
athletic ability where the attributes
you look for when recruiting the
potential player the lady raiders I
think after work character just quality
people i think it's the people that make
a player special as far as what kind of
character they possess and I've got ten
freshman and sophomores out there
commutative up in the skit back on track
get desk stick back to work along so I
know those ten possess that i'm guessing
good upper class
36 years coaching a lady vols what's
been the most significant change in the
game itself well first of all I think
there's a there's a lot of great teams
and that happens because you have a lot
of great players that invest in the game
and it's the recruiting part is
obviously key for all coaches but I
think identifying at a young age some of
the best talent in the country and just
staying on top of that we've Okocha
staffs in recruiting those players and
just letting them to not know that you
know we have a place for them and we're
constantly going against everyone else
in the country but that's what makes it
what it is is competition competition
even before you get her in an action
together you know I have had one much
bands say to be recently at this than
that I spoke at and they said they
raised their community said coach I had
my tickets to San Antonio and I said
where s is great you know really happy
for us that all you had to do was call
the travel agent and get two tickets to
San Antonio I said we gotta be freakin
30 teams she news he's one of the most
arm so much just from watching him
watching his team Russell sometimes it
gets us free tickets to the game players
are there than they can be tickets as
well but I love watching the silver
stars play because they remind me of a
better version but so much of the
college game because they share the ball
they play to involve some of the other
teams it's just a lot of one-on-one
they're trying to be in the NBA and
we're unique and I love how the silver
stars play the game of basketball the
passion that they have really what they
stay for so damn is not a great job and
silver service they're just a lot of fun
to watch if I may